I saw them at the guest cottage,
him and the Jew.
They're rutting at Ash Park.
If you even think
of marrying this woman,
Ash Park will go to James.
What sort of man do you think I am?
I won't have our baby born
into her pit of poison.
Livvy?
We should go. To the city.
You were right.
The child that I gave away
to be raised by others -
it was you.
I'll marry Gino,
and I will have the baby.
Marry me.
Subtitles by MemoryOnSmells
http://UKsubtitles.ru.
You may have overplayed your hand.
Then I'll deal another.
Of course I want to say yes.
Then say it.
Why now?
I know what I want now.
Why the sudden urgency?
Does it matter?
Yes.
Mother threatened to disinherit me
if we stay together.
So this is... defiance?
No.
I'm doing something
I should have done weeks ago.
But we're happy with the way it is.
I'm not.
You deserve to be
more than my mistress.
You deserve more than stolen moments
and a charade in public.
There are practicalities, George.
Damn them.
What does your heart say? Say it.
Yes.
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
George?
Oh. My darling.
Is something wrong?
A small matter with your father.
I don't want to add to your worries.
Would you like me to leave?
If you wouldn't mind.
Of... of course.
Would you see
if there's any sign of George?
You know how hard things have been
for Livvy and me.
We're much closer now.
We're stronger.
But, uh...
there are tensions here, and...
James, get to the point.
I may not live much longer.
We want to spend some time
in the city.
Good!
Well, don't look so shocked.
I thought you'd be upset.
James, I'm your grandmother,
not your gaoler.
I'm not sure for how long.
As long as is necessary.
Whatever helps your marriage.
A word of warning, though.
There is more temptation in the city.
For my kind?
That won't be a problem.
Thank you.
Oh...
I'm gonna seek professional help
while I'm there.
There are doctors
for that sort of thing.
I'm gonna change. Whatever it takes.
I'm very proud of you.
You've given me hope for this family
at a time when I so badly need it.
Well, go and pack.
A decision like this,
once taken, is best acted upon.
She almost seemed glad.
With her health, it may be a relief.
All that time wasted worrying.
Can I leave that to you? I've got
some things I have to attend to.
Don't be long.
Quick as I can.
A new beginning.
It is.
I'll be here till seven.
I'll pick you up.
We'll spend the night at the cottage.
I'd love that.
We can discuss the implications.
Tonight's for romance.
Who cares?
I love you.
I love you too.
I'll keep it to myself
until you've told the family.
Sister,
Eve Walker's ready for discharge.
He kissed you?
He did.
Everything feels so strange.
You've found a mother
and you're becoming one yourself.
It'd be strange if it didn't.
So, what now?
Home.
Well, you can stay here
as long as you need.
Gino will be worried.
Any way I can help.
Thank you.
Anna...
Our situation is a complication
you don't need in the mix.
Not yet. One thing at a time.
I have to tell Gino.
Of course, but I won't be offended
if you wait to tell the family.
And when it is time, I will support
you in whatever way is best for you.
You're wonderful.
And you're my brave girl.
I'll pack.
George, she won't say
what's happening,
but something is, clearly.
I'm here to help, remember.
Both of you.
She needs you more. I have Sarah.
Whose bags?
James and Olivia have decided
to spend some time in Sydney.
Because of us?
It's best for the baby.
Have you told them?
No. And I would rather you didn't.
You just threatened
to disinherit me.
Which we can discuss later.
Amongst other things.
George.
Matters are getting out of hand.
I am going to try to be more...
constructive.
Just so you know what we will
be discussing,
I've just proposed to Sarah
and she's accepted.
Try and be constructive about that.
I've ordered the taxi.
And I'm pouring you a stiff one
to get you through the journey.
If a girl's got to be covered in
soot,
she needs to soften the edges.
It won't stop.
You can't marry him.
You don't need him. I'll help out.
I love him.
You heard her. Now go.
Please, you're just making it worse.
And you can take your Bligh bullshit
and piss off!
I just came for my tools.
Then you can take her with you too.
My wife and I are moving to Sydney.
How long?
I'm not sure.
You asked me if I still felt...
you know... if it...
if it was still there.
I owe you the truth.
It is still there?
I lied.
Why?
Some things are easier resisted
if they're denied.
But I made you feel like you're
a freak, and that you're alone,
and that's not true.
If you can't find a way to proceed,
a woman to love,
then I hope that you can find...
someone to love.
Can I kiss you?
Please.
At least the memory.
Just one.
No.
The baby's gone.
The ambulance will take her
to the hospital
for dilation and curettage.
She'll be in overnight.
Thank you.
All I wanted was to lose it.
Why do I feel so...?
Shh.
Our love made it and it's gone.
Come on, get up!
Come on, you pervert!
Come on. Come on, you pervert!
Come on! Come on, fight back!
Hit me!
I'm just going to have a moment
with your grandmother.
I think she'd appreciate that.
I'll meet you at the car.
You are sure about this?
Absolutely.
Something's changed.
It's not cold feet.
Amy, come here a moment.
As awful as it is
thinking of your sister and nephew
living with that brute...
I am very glad
to have you back home.
It's good to be here, Mrs Bligh.
Best get to it.
We'll miss you, ma'am.
Thank you, Amy.
Amy, would you ask cook
to come and see me about dinner?
We may have a guest.
I've come to say goodbye.
I hoped you would.
You understand
why we're leaving?
Because you find living with me
so intolerable.
It is what it is
and you cannot be but what you are.
I would like my great-grandchild
to be born here.
Then we will return for that.
Thank you.
Whether we stay...
I hope one day things are different.
Oh, I see so much of myself in you.
So do I.
Let me help you outside?
I thought I married James to someone
too weak to be a threat.
But I married him to someone with
a strength that may yet save him.
You're sure?
If you love her, be with her.
What else matters?
Ah, that means the world to me.
Anna will feel the same.
Marry her, Dad.
It'll start a war.
Well, as long as it makes you
feel happy.
Grandmother will have to accept it
eventually.
There you are.
If there are any doors
you need opened in the city,
I have just as many keys
as your father.
It's been wonderful
seeing you again, Reggie.
Will you be looking for employment?
I'm considering all options.
Grandmother.
You take it slowly.
Oh, don't lecture, George.
Olivia and I have had
a lovely farewell.
Thank you.
Come.
I meant what I said.
I'm so proud of you.
I'll be rid of it, any way I can.
Ready?
Safe travels.
They look happier already.
And may that continue.
Uh, Reggie, I think
a tray in your room for dinner.
I'm hoping Miss Adams
will join us tonight.
I beg your pardon?
Well, we said we'd talk
once the children had left
and I think she should be here.
For dinner?
You have been pressuring me about it
since she arrived.
Well, we've made
other arrangements.
Well, I hope to put this
unpleasantness behind us
and I believe the only way to do that
is for the three of us to sit down
and face matters frankly -
a constructive effort.
I'll see what I can do.
Dealing that new hand?
I'm changing the whole deck.
Go on, get out of here.
Look at you.
Well, it's disgusting.
It's how I was born.
No-one's born filth.
You were.
Please. Just go.
You have to understand -
I can't have you around Colin.
Maybe you do deserve him.
You're lucky to be alive.
No-one can ever know.
Just the three of us?
No, please don't. I'm sure Roy
won't mind giving me a lift.
7:30. So much for romance.
'Bye.
Dinner at Ash Park.
Elizabeth's invitation.
Right. What brought this on?
I can't say. Not yet.
Anything to do with the gossip
amongst the nurses?
I don't know
what you're talking about.
Right. Well, I'd wear a flak jacket.
You got a spare?
Can't beat arriving in style, I say.
Well, at least the driveway
wasn't mined.
Here. Hold your horses.
Can't have anyone thinking
you're just pretending to be posh.
As if anyone would ever think that.
In that frock,
you could fool the world.
Don't let her
get away with anything.
I forgot who
I was talking to there for a moment.
I trust Eve Walker
has made a complete recovery.
Well, she'll have to be careful
for some time.
Hmm. Do, please, begin.
You'll be seeing her on your rounds,
I imagine?
As long as it doesn't cause
too much trouble for her.
Bert Ford.
Ah, yes. Every community
has one of those.
Mother. We're not here
to discuss the Walkers.
The norm at mealtimes, George,
is that one avoids topics
which may cause indigestion.
So no Bert Ford either,
on that basis.
London? What do you miss about it?
Oh, certainly not the smog.
Indeed.
Our own private world. Heaven.
Reality will sneak in soon enough.
But not yet.
I wish I'd come to know Sarah
better now.
You'll have plenty of opportunity
for that, I imagine.
Not if your grandmother
has her way.
She won't.
Father's determined
to blow the doors off the hinges
and let the world in.
And this family needs it.
Your daddy is turning
into an anarchist.
We're stuck in
some sort of Edwardian aspic
while the country changes around us.
What?
Your turn of phrase.
You'd make a very good politician.
Maybe I would.
I've thought about it.
Which gives me all the more reason
to do what I intend to.
You could work here.
I can't.
What did you do that was so terrible?
And why can't you tell me?
Don't hate me when they tell you.
I'm not blind. Or stupid.
You're not disgusted?
Bert disgusts me.
Hate disgusts me.
Not you.
It puzzles me, and saddens me, but...
I never thought...
I'm just worried you'll end up
sad and lonely with no-one.
Reckon the world's stitched up
my kind on that one.
Olivia's unwell?
Unsettled.
It's more she's anxious
about the baby.
I'd rather not elaborate.
Of course.
It's why we've come
to town, actually.
Don't tell Anna.
I don't want her worrying.
She's off with,
uh, Swanson, I presume?
Yes.
A GP for Olivia,
or were you after a specialist?
A psychiatrist, I think.
Do you know any...
I know...
..preferably, um... progressive.
It sounds a lot more than anxiety.
But it's none of my affair.
I'll get you a name.
By the way,
Father is in the process
of supplanting you
as the black sheep of the family.
Thank you, George.
Offley 1881.
A particular favourite
of my husband's.
He laid down
a number of cases after our wedding.
Over 70 years old.
Mmm.
The sun shone on these grapes
before even I was born.
So the manipulative matriarch
and the scheming Jewess...
Mother!
Have managed a civilised dinner,
and, dare I say it,
even enjoyed each other's company.
George, where's
your sense of humour?
Fast losing it.
I hope this demonstrates that we're
not natural enemies, Miss Adams.
Was that its purpose?
We have all fallen into assigned
roles in this little melodrama.
And I felt it important
to put those aside
so that we could discuss
your relationship frankly
and dispassionately.
Well, I certainly feel more relaxed.
Good.
Then we can strike out into
more dangerous territory
a little less defensively.
This won't take long.
George, I loved like you, once.
Inappropriately.
Deeply.
After your father and I were married.
Before you.
I could have created a scandal
and followed my heart.
But had I, you'd never have been born
and I would be
an aged dirt farmer's wife
living the dog days
of a life of regret.
You're shocked?
Yes.
I tell you this so that you
understand I ask nothing of you
that I haven't given myself,
or, indeed, that James gave in
London.
Which is why
Ash Park will go to him
if you insist on this mismatch.
That is an absolute.
Goodnight, Miss Adams.
I'll help you to your room.
Thank you.
Goodnight, Mrs Bligh.
I'll wait for you outside.
So you're happy to drag him down
to your level?
Because you'll never be accepted
on his.
Unlike you?
He should have been mine -
from the first day we met.
I will see you gone.
Whatever it takes.
I've faced far worse than you.
And here I am.
Yes.
Sadly.
You know what Hitler got wrong?
He ran out of steam before
he'd finished you all off.
Sorry, gassed.
I'm sorry if Mother upset you.
No. No, I'm fine.
It's the first I'd heard of her
nearly leaving my father.
It doesn't surprise me.
There was always something missing
between them.
I'd understand
if it's too much of a sacrifice.
I love you for that.
But it's all
going to James eventually.
So what if it skips
a generation?
It's so much of who you are.
It's a house and some land.
It's your home.
We'll build a new home.
Something I bought while I was
up at the wool sales.
Proof that I always intended
to propose.
You're certain?
Even more so.
Good morning, Lucky.
Oh! Oh! Careful!
I guess that means he approves.
Do you?
Hope I don't have to lick your hand
to prove it.
Preferably not.
What?
Me and the missus only had
the two boys, so...
I'm not much use
to giving fatherly advice to...
But I just hope you're not biting
off more than you can chew.
George is a good man.
I'm not talking about George.
I can handle what comes with it.
Even that old girl?
Especially that old girl.
Well, if it makes sense to you,
it makes sense to me.
Good on ya, missy!
Hey, Col.
So you remember what to say,
if anyone asks.
Hey, you want me to be nice
to your ma, right?
Yeah.
Yeah. Shake.
Least there's one man in the family.
Can I get you something?
Food? Drink?
No.
This makes everything
a lot less complicated.
It's as though it never happened.
I might never have told you
about us if not for this.
It happened.
I want to go home.
You think you're up to it?
What if he doesn't believe me?
It seems so convenient.
He'll think you've had an abortion?
It's all I could think about
last night.
Oh!
If he doesn't believe you,
he doesn't deserve you.
And that is final?
Yes.
If she truly loved you, she would not
make you give up your inheritance.
You made me choose, Mother.
We'll discuss the details
another time.
Must you sneak around like
a character in a penny dreadful?
I didn't mean to intrude.
I've come to make an offer.
I caught a glimpse last night
into the true nature of Sarah Adams.
I saw a very dangerous woman.
I am well aware
of how dangerous she is.
I mean physically dangerous,
capable of real physical harm.
You've told me how little
you know about her.
Does George know the real truth?
A Jew who lived
through the war in Europe?
Who knows what lengths
she went to to survive?
Go on.
I have excellent access to records
through old embassy contacts,
and to less formal modes
of investigation.
I'd go across.
You would do that?
With pleasure.
If there are secrets
to bring her undone,
I'm convinced
that's where we'll find them.
I don't care what it costs.
Find something that will
rid us of her forever.
Oh, the best man won.
If I'm not jumping for joy
it's because I'm about to lose
one of my best nurses, that's all.
Why would you think that?
Oh, Mrs George Bligh doesn't work.
This Mrs George Bligh will.
We're a rather unlikely couple.
We won't be proceeding
in any likely way.
You make it sound easy.
Of course it won't be,
but we're happy when we're together.
We'll just have to fight
to keep that.
What did Freud say
about being too neat?
First impressions count.
You're sure about this?
There's something I haven't told you.
I tried to kill myself
because of this.
In despair. On the ship.
And I've thought about doing it
a number of times since.
But it's you and the baby
that made me want to live.
I'm so sorry.
Oh, James.
I'll get it out of me,
even if he has to cut it out.
George. I've kept
out of your way deliberately.
I know you've had a lot
to deal with.
But I do hear
congratulations are in order.
Thank you.
Not from your mother.
Which can't have surprised.
I was hoping, but...
Ah, yes, 'hope'.
Naught but a waking dream.
It is wonderful
that you're ready to start again.
I'm sure one day
you'll be able to as well.
Soon, I trust. Perhaps it's a good
thing I've been called away.
You're leaving?
Tomorrow.
Elizabeth feels she can manage.
Well, you'll be missed.
You don't have to say that.
It's true.
I'm not blind to the fact
your fiancee hasn't taken to me.
You got off to a bad start.
Well, perhaps when I return
I can convince her that I'm not
the anti-Semite she thinks I am.
We'll see you at the wedding.
Wonderful.
Mr Bligh.
You're wanted at the back door.
Who is it?
I tried to get him to go away,
but he wouldn't listen.
What do you want?
What's it worth to you
for the world not to find out
that your son's a queer?
You don't wanna do this.
Get off my property!
You'll be sorry.
I'm calling the police.
Go on, call them. Only person
doing anything illegal's your son.
Or maybe you want them to find out,
knowing how much he's gonna enjoy
taking it in the slammer.
You think you can make up
some cock and bull story
and I'm going to open my wallet?
I ain't making...
He's a married man!
Who's gonna believe
a piece of filth like you anyway?
Get off my property.
What about Colin?
It was him that saw it.
Poor kid his age
having to watch perverts at it.
You reckon they'll believe him?
You think you're so good
sitting up here at Cash Park,
peering down your nose
at the rest of us,
but it ain't us fooling round
with the station hand.
Nah, it's your fairy son...
Get off my property!
I reckon a thousand quid
should be about right.
See you tomorrow.
What happened in England?
Why did James
try to jump off the ship?
Do we have to drag this all...
What happened?!
You know what happened.
Was it the truth?
Mother!
Yes.
It wasn't an unsuitable woman,
was it?
It all makes sense suddenly.
His rush to marry,
his attempted suicide.
My son is a pervert.
No!
He's been seen with Harry Polson.
Oh, God.
By a child.
Accusations have been made, Mother.
We're being blackmailed!
I was only trying
to protect you both.
No. No!
George...
Stop!
Please!
Stop! Stop!
Just STOP!
Did Sarah know?
I thought I'd controlled it.
You're wrong.
Oh, God.
Look at those diamonds
and sapphires!
Where did he get it?
Hardy Brothers?
Maybe Prouds even.
Oh! You have to get Monte Luke
to take your photographs.
He does all the society folk...
We've only been engaged
for five minutes.
It's just so exciting!
Whoever would have thought?
Sister Adams and Mr Bligh
living happily ever after!
Elizabeth?
What have I done?
Hey, hey.
What's happened?
Oh, what have I done?
What have I done? What have I done?
Oh!
Subtitles by MemoryOnSmells
http://UKsubtitles.ru.
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org